Remove extra space after ( (#582)
USRSE/usrse.github.io: _events/2021/2021-11-community-call.md

US-RSE community on November 10th, 2021 at 12ET/11CT/10MT/9PT.

> (NOTE - Wednesday event due to Veterans Day on the Thursday).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(NOTE - This call is on a Wednesday, due to Veterans Day on the Thursday).
```
```suggestion
(NOTE - Wednesday event due to Veterans Day on the Thursday).
```
